# OIBSIP
I am grateful that Oasis Infobyte Java Development gave me the chance to intern there.
The Oasis Infobyte internship program gave participants a useful perspective on how Java projects in the real world are carried out. We, the participants, were able to learn a variety of Java development skills through this training that would be extremely beneficial in our careers.

# Task 1
ONLINE RESERVATION SYSTEM
This Online Reservation System will include all the necessary fields which are required during online reservation system. This Online Reservation System will be easy to use and can be used by any person. The basic idea behind this project is to save data in a central database which can be accessed by any authorize person to get information and saves time and burden which are being faced by their customers.
Modules:
1. Login Form - To access this Online Reservation System, each user should have a valid login id and password. After providing the correct login id and password, users will able to access the main system.
2. Reservation System - Under reservation form users will have to fill the necessary details such as their basic details, train number, train name will automatically come in the box, class type, date of journey, from (place) to destination and after that, users will have to press insert button.
3. Cancellation Form - If passengers want to cancel their tickets then they have to provide their PNR number and after submitting it, this will display the entire information related to that particular PNR number. If users want to confirm their cancellation, in this case they have to press OK button.

# Task 2
NUMBER GUESSING GAME
The fun and easy project "Guess the Number" is a short Java project that allows the user to guess the number generated by the computer & involves the following steps:
1. The system generates a random number from a given range, say 1 to 100.
2. The user is prompted to enter their given number in a displayed dialogue box.
3. The computer then tells if the entered number matches the guesses number or it is higher/lower than the generated number.
4. The game continues under the user guessing the number.

You can also incorporate further details as:
• Limiting the number of attempts.
• Adding more rounds.
• Displaying score.
• Giving points based on the number of attempts.

# Task 3
ATM INTERFACE
We have all come across ATMs in our cities and it is built on Java. This complex project consists of five different classes and is a console-based application. When the system starts the user is prompted with user id and user pin. On entering the details successfully, then ATM functionalities are unlocked. The project allows to perform following operations:
1. Transactions History
2. Withdraw
3. Deposit
4. Transfer
5. Quit
